Fri, Mar 10
Here are the answers to my questions:

1. Q: First of all, what's the deadline for this task?
A: No deadline. We want you to focus on the quality of your work.

2. Q: How should I deliver it once done - via email to you, pushing to my personal GitHub/Google Drive, or is there another way Altium is practicing?
A: Up to you, you can use GitHub or Google Drive.

3. Q: What is the preferred format for the task output: Console app, WinForms/WPF desktop app, or any other?
A: Up to you

4. Q: Are there any requirements regarding the platform/language versions, like .NET Framework or .NET (Core), C# 10 or 11?
A: No, the only requirement would be about the sorting time: 1 min /1 gb , file size up to 100GB

5. Q: And finally, should I spend extra time to refine the ready task by adding well-formed XML comments, covering the functionality by unit tests, packing the applications to installers, etc?
A: I will check it with my colleagues


Fri, Mar 10
Here are the answers to my questions:

A) Q: Should I spend extra time to refine the ready task by adding well-formed XML comments, covering the functionality by unit tests, packing the applications to installers, etc.?
A: Installer is definitely not needed. The rest is up to candidate.

1. Q: Regarding the first utility, which is responsible for creating a test file of a given size:
1.1. Q: 'Size' here means the file size in bytes (Kb, Mb, Gb, etc.) or rows/items?
A: In bytes
1.2. Q: Should the String parts be only valid dictionary words and/or meaningful phrases in English, or any string expression separated by spaces would be counted as valid?
A: Any string expression separated by spaces should be counted as valid
1.3. Q: Are there any limitations for Number and String parts? What's the allowed range for numbers - only positive non-zero integers? Can the Number exceed the maximum Int32 size (2 147 483 647)? What's the maximum allowed length for the string expressions?
A: A string is reasonably long. For example, up to 1-2K symbols. But if an algorithm that able to handle any string length will get more points. The number is up to the candidate. Int32 or Int64 is fine.
1.4. Q: Are empty or partially empty rows allowed? E.g. Number without the String or vice versa? How should the sorter deal with such records - just ignore them, report the inconsistency, or keep them in the output file as well?
A: No. All lines must be valid

2. Q: Related to the Sorter tool itself:
2.1. Q: Should it gather and report statistics, like how many records were passed to test, how long the sorting lasts and what's the complexity (how many iterations)?
A: No, task should do sort and print time.
2.2. Q: If the answer for 2.1 is YES then what's the preferred way of reporting - logging to a log or CSV file, showing in UI, or something else?
A: Console is fine
2.3. Q: Is it allowed using of public NuGet packages like Microsoft Logger, etc. - not to focus on auxiliary things but just the main task?
A: Anything allowed. But we need to see the code that candidate wrote. For example if candidate will solve task using 3rd party packages without own code we will not be able to make any decision. And remind candidate that if they use somebodies code they have to state it. When they are using package it is clearly visible and they don't need to let us know about that. But if they copy paste code with their changes, then they must let us know.

Additional useful information from our technical team:

Candidates can implement task any way they want. They can reduce the scope and say they if the length of the line is less than 100 characters then there is very good algorithm that does it really fast. Or reduce the integer part to byte only. The more general is implementation the better. And implementations that assume really simple data will be penalized. For example implementation that assumes that there will be only 3 different unique strings
We would like to see candidate's skills of solving particular problem, how they think and how they approach.